the health Ministry has issued this
warning about the situation at alaka
hospital in central
Gaza Alexa hospital will stop its
operations within 2 hours because of the
occupation practices in the United
Nation's procrastination regarding the
necessary fuel for the generators to
work in the hospital we have launched so
many appeals during the recent days to
urgently have fuel in the hospital but
no concerned parties have responded
we only received 3,000 L of fuel on
Wednesday but the hospital needs at
least 5,000 L every day there are now
more than 1,300 sick and wounded
patients in the hospital their medical
treatment will stop because of the lack
of fuel this will lead to a humanitarian
crisis in alaa hospital which is the
only operating Hospital which serves
more than 1 million people in the
central
governorate within hours all the
ambulances and four field hospitals will
stop we urge the International Community
and the United Nations to do their best
to immediately provide the hospital with
enough fuel we urge the International
Community to work hard to stop the war
against hospitals and the health system
in Gaza before it's too late we urge the
International Community to put pressure
on the occupation to open the rougher
Crossing to allow more than 20,000
wounded people to be treated abroad and
to provide us us with the badly needed
medical supplies and medicines and fuel
to stop the sooncoming
catastrophe let's get more on this now
with hind she's in in central Gaza we
heard the doctor there hind say a couple
of hours but last you and I spoke about
an hour ago the latest word was they
were down to half an hour left of fuel
what's the situation
now well before talking about the fuel I
just want to give you the latest update
on what's happening in at least eight
Palestinians have been killed after the
Israeli forces targeted a a a building
for the Ministry of Social Affairs and
development this building had a number
of Palestinians that were seeking refuge
in this building according to the
paramedics I talked to they said that H
they were directly targeted from the
window uh they he said that one of the
Rockets was a mil mil artillery shelling
the other one was a drone air strike and
we saw the bodies of nine uh
Palestinians eight sorry eight
Palestinians being transferred into
Alexa hospital and dozens of injuries
it's a chaos right now and the
paramedics are telling us that more
ambulances are coming and transferring
more uh uh bodies but it's not only
ambulances that were carrying the bodies
and transferring them here into ala
hospital but also people were helping
with their own vehicles and their donkey
carts uh moving to the fuel um question
um the the hospital told us that they
had the ability to provide uh fuel for
three more hours uh someone donated it
for them and this um fuel is will be
only for three more hours and after it
uh the fuel is going to end and the
hospital is going to run out of
electricity again this will put uh
hundreds of people uh having kidney
dialysis treatment this is going to put
people who are injured patients and and
the premature babies in risk of death
because they're completely relying on uh
the electricity in the hospital
Sami my colleague FIB bbo had a quite a
distressing call there with the director
of ala Hospital which we heard a few
moments ago what's the situation there
yeah okay so let's talk about Ala
hospital and it is in jabalia in tat
where this area has been uh under uh
Siege by the Israeli tanks for more than
4 days now a jabalia and the Northern
parts of the Gaza Strip have been uh
witnessing a very harsh uh Israeli
attack and also uh tanks are are are
stationed in that area 14 patients are
still trapped into H the hospital ACC
compined with a couple of doctors where
the Israeli forces stormed the hospital
last night and they asked everyone
taking and seeking refuge and all the
patients to evacuate to the western side
of the Gaza Strip uh some people could
not be could couldn't evacuate and they
stayed in the hospital these are the
patients who cannot move and they do not
have uh the freedom of movement so
that's why the doctors promis to stay
into the hospital with these patients
until there is a safe secure way for
them to evacuate but again Palestinians
are evacuating from a place to another
and nowhere is safe
Sami H we hope you stay safe thanks for
that
update make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer